What up? What up? What up? What up?
It's your boy eat eat.
Welcome to another edition of school Days.
Listen to God.
I'm super excited.
Y'all.
Like I got the title y'all.
Look, I got the academic key code
for all my students out there.
All right, so here was the problem
when I was going to school.
Guys, I don't know why, but I always
focused on what I couldn't do.
I didn't spell very well.
I didn't enunciate very well.
Like, English wasn't my thing.
I wasn't the guy that
reading and comprehension.
It wasn't my thing.
But unfortunately,
that's what I focused on.
And so for me, I should
have focused on math.
You know what I'm saying?
I should have focused on math.
I should have focused on my people skills.
I should have focused on the fact that I
was present and always
dressed and ready for class.
But I focus on what I couldn't do
instead of focusing on what I could do.
Chico.
So you got to do me a huge favor.
I need you to focus on what you do.
Well,
so you walk with a different level
of confidence, because I'm telling you,
when you walk around with a certain level
of confidence,
it's a certain energy you have.
There's a certain bravado you have,
like, there's certain things
that you can accomplish and do.
But on the opposite end, guys, when you
look at your weaknesses, it drains you.
When you look at your weakness,
you disengage like you're
not willing to engage.
So do me a huge fan.
I got the key goal for you.
If you're only good at math,
focus on that.
If you're good at math
and science, focus on that.
If you're only good in science,
focus on that.
If you read well, focus on that.
Like whatever you do.
Well, you focus in on that, right?
When I took English and turned it
into math, and I realized it's a formula.
Intro.
Body
conclusion.
Come on, intro.
I tell you what it's going to be about.
Body support.
Conclusion.
Wrap it all up in a different way.
Bingo.
I start killing English when I turn
into math, it's your boy, et cetera.
You're do.
Don't lose your confidence.
Whatever you do,
don't focus on what you can't do.
Focus on what you can do.
Whatever you do.
Have home court advantage.
It's your boy et.
I'll see you when I see you.